hey everyone this is Russell Holly here
with the a sushi zen pad s 8 point 0
asus has been surprising people left and
right this year with inexpensive Android
phones with Intel processors that
obliterate expectations and their latest
tablet hopes to be a continuation of
that effort with a surprisingly light
10.5 ounce body holding a 2k IPS true
vivid display and a pair of fantastic
front-facing speakers it couldn't be
more clear this tablet was designed for
watching your favorite movies and
playing games on the go unfortunately it
only does one of those things
particularly well gaming for just a few
minutes on the Zen pad s 8.0 causes a
notification letting you know that the
screen is being darkened to avoid
overheating though curiously even after
an hour of gameplay the tablet barely
felt warm to the touch for better or
worse asus has had hands in every aspect
of android 5.0 on this tablet this
customs Nui is full of bright colors and
animated bubbles for organizing and
optimizing which includes a launcher
that groups apps for you out of the box
and a whole lot of operational bloatware
to fail at keeping your system running
smoothly hu scores a lot of points on
design and basic performance with the
zen pad s8 point oh it feels solid while
remaining remarkably light for the
tablet this size and everything from
basic navigation to complex browser
tasks is remarkably fast the inclusion
of USB type-c promises to keep the
hardware current well into the next year
so as long as you aren't planning on
playing a lot of games you'll have a
tablet well worth the three hundred
dollar price tag thanks for watching
you